I'm more 3 11
good image here the deco and that is the
name to make another video was today
I'm here playing a little effort
play a little clegg I 'm here in the
room again I called the subscribers
so I have a lot of stuff if
says here is this is the vision between the
server and told the player to the
such a game such a game can come
of a lot of people these islets
so is this guys come began
here I do a lot since the
business then come on let's try
remember there's only a little time here eight
seconds to start and if I 'm not mistaken
the right button that has thrown eggs to
break the ground was so let's go let's go
see if I can stay long enough
live here in this business is with a
legg of little seems to have killed a
have an idea of ruben 1 40 floors
business plus one but someone here this
guy who is stopped at km h it behind
Here we are going to try and knock him down.
here he is walking he is not running
It was to be difficult to knock him down.
let's put him to suffocate victor
Hello, Our Lady of Good Morning, without
want will hold even if I think
which is the best way to drugs
Today I'll arrive destroying everything.
break the floor of these guys who
also stay calm
They're playing beautiful, let's try.
to knock someone else out who
they died at the time
I do not know whether to give up
but I'll try but next year it goes
I think someone said topple want is
a last act act then you have to take
careful I will not stay playing or
Random because this can end me
ferrando
How about putting this guy here with a
little for him is beauty and he managed
run and we can get up here
I'm afraid if I make a mistake, I'll fall
beauty can make the right size
also at the time
so I think I'll go upstairs to
let's try to climb the top floor
I got there once again got the same
Everyone wants to go up there.
I think I'm going to have to clean this corner.
Here I will have a chance to hit it.
Come on, I got the first one. It's silly.
huh
now that it's much more complicated
answer now I already have climbed more
chance to stay alive the becali paddle
also in the year and a half that I alone is
all right do not pretend to go drinking with
him and try to bring down this other one here
Where are you going to try to walk the gang?
try to make them short and run behind
young there has're good enough people
up here still have eight players
so I think it's quiet, you have little
people even alive not falling
the problem was just me falling for good
here was no one but has a face
trying to overthrow it for me to
stay our lady of the teleport will try
get up there and the guys up there
fall down to stay the same
personal and good level now only has seven
players and now you're a little
riskier I do not know if I could
I jump but if I'm not mistaken after
a time can no longer of the bold extended
can you always remember that sometimes the
text gives good morning that it will not go, so let's go
try to climb up here not the drug guys
I'll play one more mouth here since he
It was kind of fast and that's good on most
even i like
explore this map is different
why not getting to use my mouse
there then got my mobile if you're
this one this map is a little more
complex but okay here by the way it goes
roll a very crazy athlete here we go
We 're going to knock this guy down here since
stands and tries to knock down but
He's gotta get worried.
Standard antone have already made it down here
then tried to download that other one
there he is standing
for dipp on me it comes out beauty not
I'm so successful at knocking down these guys here.
I do not know if I'll speak up with you.
beauty the ferrari it personal it
richarlyson island beauty bring this down
dude here try to steal at least let's go
There it is difficult It is difficult to overthrow
he
he runs a lot and that will be what
I can not take it, but I fell.
I will try to overthrow it here too.
people what the guys're more together
I think even easier to knock down and a
pliers with the lost egg he wanted
hit him and beauty let's think I will
Try to climb again, but I'll try.
by the way zinho so O king beauty of
new
I'm looking forward again only now
field worked another table as the
At no point did I get any guys
well thats it i played 2
this plebiscite political blogs do not know
as you prefer here with the
subscribers I'll probably play
more and more with those enrolled in the
Contest for the love that the
staff have looks the staff here all round
world allied herself with kibon she is this your
I like the video, do not forget to leave your
your favorite little candy and that
comment you always leave the galley
until the next video and spoke